INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND FUTURE GENERATION 

BY: S.JASMI PRAISY ANGEL
PHYSIOTHERAPY
5 February 2022

Information technology is the use of computers to save or retrieve data and information. Many products and services are related to information technology, including computer hardware, software, electronics, semiconductors, internet,
telecom equipment and e-commerce. Information technology has proved to be a boon for teenagers. Everything is available online. Social media platforms and mobile phones are mostly used for communication these days. 
Teenagers can use the internet for study and collection of data. A lot of education websites are available on the internet which provide quality education to the students. They can easily get online books for study. The Internet helps young people to learn new things and enhance their creativity. They can follow the experts on the internet and get inspired and motivated by them and enhance their creativity. They can create blogs on the internet to express their ideas and creativity to others. 
Our young generation can use digital marketing to sell their products or services. Modern technology is also affecting the young generation negatively. The main purpose of education is to learn social skills i..how to communicate with other people in society. But with the excessive usage of modern technology, the young generation does not want to go outside, and meet, and communicate with other people. Some
youngsters are addicted to the excessive usage of modern technology. They want only entertainment and so they play video games, watch movies, scroll social media, and surf on the internet, all the time and do not do any other activity. They focus less on their study and work. They can easily access inappropriate content from anywhere with the help of mobile phones and the internet. Some youngsters look at their mobile phones every few minutes to check new statuses, messages or notifications. Some people use technology to harass or bully others. The negative effects of technology on the health of the young generation include stress, depression, distraction, mood swings, eyesight. While we spend time on the internet, it is important to also have physical exercise. 
Modern technology is affecting the younger generation in both ways positively and negatively. If they use the technology limitless then it will be bad for them, and if they use the technology to a limit then it will be good for them.


